README.md, before:

# softlocked-classic
This is the classic version of the Softlocked project which has had its developmented mostly on halt since mid-2022.

While I intended this version of Softlocked aimed to be an optimized version of obby-based map runners like the one provided in the Juke's Towers of Hell kit, a problem I frequently ran into while testing this was the difficulty of actually making the obbies in Studio. Simply put, it would've been impractical to use this over a far more builder-friendly obby template like the JToH kit due to how I had structured this.

I've also lost most interest I previously had to continue the development of this variant of the Softlocked project. Some of the newer scripts here indicate this loss of motivation by the drop in their code quality compared to slightly older ones.

## Open sourcing
I've decided to open-source this variant of Softlocked so that others can build upon what I've made in this and because it'd be a waste for this project to simply sit on my computer for who knows how long.

Commit message:

add template file + misc changes

README.md, after:

# softlocked-classic
This is the classic version of the Softlocked project which has had its development mostly on halt since mid-2022.

## Status
While I intended this version of Softlocked aimed to be an optimized version of obby-based map runners like the one provided in the Juke's Towers of Hell kit, a problem I frequently ran into while testing this was the difficulty of actually making the obbies in Studio. Simply put, it would've been impractical to use this over a far more builder-friendly obby template like the JToH kit due to how I had structured this.

I've also lost most interest I previously had to continue the development of this variant of the Softlocked project. Some of the newer scripts here indicate this loss of motivation by the drop in their code quality compared to slightly older ones.

## Usage
Despite these setbacks, if you'd like to give this a try, you can download and open ```template.rbxlx``` to see how it's setup as well as test it.
Although this project should be rojo-compatible, it's not exactly recommended that you use it to stream the lua files into your place file since I haven't tested how well that works yet.

## Open sourcing
I've decided to open-source this variant of Softlocked so that others can build upon what I've made in this and because it'd be a waste for this project to simply sit on my computer for who knows how long. I plan to introduce certain modified parts of this repository in the [newer version of Softlocked](https://www.github.com/uthedev/softlocked) as well.
